Content is organized as:
  Show
  - title
  - platform
  - show description

  Episode
  - Season/Episode number
  - Episode title
  - Episode description

Show 1:
  Overall show description:
    The Witcher
    Netflix
    Geralt of Rivia, a mutated monster-hunter for hire, journeys toward his destiny in a turbulent world where people often prove more wicked than beasts.

  Individual episode:
    S01 • EP06
    Rare Species
    A mysterious man tries to entice Geralt to join a hunt for a rampaging dragon, a quest that attracts a familiar face. Ciri questions who she can trust.

Show 2:
  Overall show description:
    Killing Eve
    Crave
    Eve's life as a spy is not adding up to what she had hoped it would be when she started. She is a bored, very smart, MI5 security officer who is very desk-bound. Villanelle is a very talented killer, mercurial in mood, who clings to the luxuries of her job. Eve and Villanelle go head to head in a fierce game of cat and mouse, each woman equally obsessed with the other as Eve is tasked with hunting down the psychopathic assassin.

  Individual episode:
    S01 • EP04
    Sorry Baby
    Intel from Berlin points to the existence of a mole, prompting Eve to undertake her first surveillance operation.

Show 3:
  Overall show description:
    The Boys
    Amazon Prime
    Superheroes are often as popular as celebrities, as influential as politicians, and sometimes even as revered as gods. But that's when they're using their powers for good. What happens when the heroes go rogue and start abusing their powers? When it's the powerless against the super powerful, the Boys head out on a heroic quest to expose the truth about the Seven and Vought, the multibillion-dollar conglomerate that manages the superheroes and covers up their dirty secrets.

  Individual episode:
    S01 • EP02
    Cherry
    The Boys get a Superhero; Starlight gets payback; Homelander behaves badly; a Senator gets rowdy.

Show 4:
  Overall show description:
    The Mandalorian
    Disney+
    Bounty hunting is a complicated profession. A lone gunfighter makes his way through the outer reaches of the galaxy, far from the authority of the New Republic.

  Individual episode:
    S01 • EP05
    The Gunslinger
    The Mandalorian helps a rookie bounty hunter who is in over his head.
